KEYCLOAK-19145 remove POSTGRES_HOST and add text to specify the proxy… (#1274)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: server_installation/topics/operator/external-database.adoc

The other properties work in the same way for a hosted or external database. Set them as follows:

* `POSTGRES_DATABASE` - Database name to be used.
* `POSTGRES_USERNAME` - Database username
* `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` - Database password
* `POSTGRES_SUPERUSER` - Indicates, whether backups should run as super user. Typically `true`.

> The Keycloak Operator will create a Service to connect to the external database, tipycally `keycloak-postgresql`, that will connect to Keycloak to the Database, containing the IP or Service name specified by the POSTGRES_EXTERNAL_ADDRESS.

Reviewer: @jonathanvila I'd rephrase this a bit to make it even more explicit. :)
```suggestion
The {project_operator} will create a Service to connect to the external database, typically `keycloak-postgresql`. This Service points to the actual external database (as specified by `POSTGRES_EXTERNAL_ADDRESS`) and {project_name} then connects to the database through this operator managed service.
```
WDYT?

Author: :+1:

> The Keycloak Operator will create a Service to connect to the external database, tipycally `keycloak-postgresql`, that will connect to Keycloak to the Database, containing the IP or Service name specified by the POSTGRES_EXTERNAL_ADDRESS.

Reviewer 2: The Operator will create a Service that connects to an external database, such as `keycloak-postgresql`, that connects {project_name} to the Database that contains the IP address or Service name that is specified by the POSTGRES_EXTERNAL_ADDRESS.

Author: :+1:

Reviewer: @andymunro @jonathanvila The sentence IMHO now have a completely different meaning. E.g. it implies that `keycloak-postgresql` is the name of the external database, not the Service. And the second part of the sentence IMHO doesn't now make much sense, what connects to what. Maybe we could do something like this:

```
The Operator will create a Service named `keycloak-postgresql`. This Service is configured by the Operator to expose the external database based on the content of `POSTGRES_EXTERNAL_ADDRESS`. {project_name} uses this Service to connect to the Database, that means it does not connect to the Database directly but rather through this Service.
```

Reviewer 2: Looks good except "that means" should be "which means"

Author: :+1:
